[WIP] MTA 7.1.0 release notes (#10)
migtools/mta-documentation: docs/topics/ref_new-features-7-1-0.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
//docs/release_notes-7.1.0/master.adoc

:_newdoc-version: 2.18.2
:_template-generated: 2024-07-01

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="new-features-7-1-0_{context}"]
= New features

This section provides the new features and improvements of the {ProductFullName} 7.1.0.

.Support for analyzing applications managed with Gradle has been added to {ProductShortName} 

> Previously, you could use the {ProductFullName} to analyze Java applications managed only with Maven. With this update, {ProductShortName} can also extract dependencies from Gradle projects. As a result, you can now analyze applications that use Gradle instead of Maven. 

Reviewer: Suggestion for last sentence : As a result, you can now analyze applications that use Gradle. (remove- instead of Maven)
Not 100% sure though

Author: I'd leave it as it is.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Support for analyzing applications managed with Gradle is Developer Preview feature only. Developer Preview feature is not supported by Red{nbsp}Hat in any way and is not functionally complete or production-ready. Do not use Developer Preview feature for production or business-critical workloads. Developer Preview feature provides early access to upcoming product feature in advance of its possible inclusion in a Red{nbsp}Hat product offering. Customers can use this feature to test functionality and provide feedback during the development process. This feature might not have any documentation, is subject to change or removal at any time, and has received limited testing. Red{nbsp}Hat might provide ways to submit feedback on Developer Preview feature without an associated SLA.

Reviewer 2: How about we create a snippet and use

```
// DO NOT USE THIS SNIPPET. DEVELOPER PREVIEW FEATURES ARE NOT DOCUMENTED IN CORE OPENSHIFT DOCS.

// When including this file, ensure that {FeatureName} is set immediately before the include. Otherwise it will result in an incorrect replacement.

[IMPORTANT]
====
[subs="attributes+"]
{FeatureName} is a Developer Preview feature only. Developer Preview features are not supported by Red Hat in any way and are not functionally complete or production-ready. Do not use Developer Preview features for production or business-critical workloads. Developer Preview features provide early access to upcoming product features in advance of their possible inclusion in a Red Hat product offering, enabling customers to test functionality and provide feedback during the development process. These features might not have any documentation, are subject to change or removal at any time, and testing is limited. Red Hat might provide ways to submit feedback on Developer Preview features without an associated SLA.
====
// Undefine {FeatureName} attribute, so that any mistakes are easily spotted
:!FeatureName:
```

Author: Great idea! :-)

> Support for analyzing applications managed with Gradle is Developer Preview feature only. Developer Preview feature is not supported by Red{nbsp}Hat in any way and is not functionally complete or production-ready. Do not use Developer Preview feature for production or business-critical workloads. Developer Preview feature provides early access to upcoming product feature in advance of its possible inclusion in a Red{nbsp}Hat product offering. Customers can use this feature to test functionality and provide feedback during the development process. This feature might not have any documentation, is subject to change or removal at any time, and has received limited testing. Red{nbsp}Hat might provide ways to submit feedback on Developer Preview feature without an associated SLA.

Reviewer: For more information about the support scope of Red Hat Developer Preview features, see https://access.redhat.com/support/offerings/devpreview

Author: @raoradhika, this one shows as "outdated" (next to the file name), which means it's not in the source code anymore. We used snippets with unified text instead (I'll share a preview with you in the morning)

For more information about the support scope of Red{nbsp}Hat Developer Preview software, see link:https://access.redhat.com/support/offerings/devpreview/[Developer Preview Support Scope].
====

.Support for analyzing .NET applications has been added to MTA

> In {ProductFullName} 7.1.0, you can use {ProductShortName} to analyze Windows-only .NET framework applications to aid migration from version 4.5 or later to multi-platform .NET 8.0 running on OpenShift Container platform.

Reviewer: reconfirm : platform or Platform

Author: Seems like should be Platform: https://www.redhat.com/en/technologies/cloud-computing/openshift/container-platform

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Support for analyzing .NET applications is Developer Preview feature only. Developer Preview feature is not supported by Red{nbsp}Hat in any way and is not functionally complete or production-ready. Do not use Developer Preview feature for production or business-critical workloads. Developer Preview feature provides early access to upcoming product feature in advance of its possible inclusion in a Red{nbsp}Hat product offering. Customers can use this feature to test functionality and provide feedback during the development process. This feature might not have any documentation, is subject to change or removal at any time, and has received limited testing. Red{nbsp}Hat might provide ways to submit feedback on Developer Preview feature without an associated SLA.

Reviewer 2: If you use singular then you should use articles. Use plural and you can avoid
```suggestion
Support for analyzing .NET applications is a Developer Preview feature only. Developer Preview features are not supported by Red Hat in any way and are not functionally complete or production-ready. Do not use Developer Preview features for production or business-critical workloads. Developer Preview features provide early access to upcoming product features in advance of their possible inclusion in a Red Hat product offering, enabling customers to test functionality and provide feedback during the development process. These features might not have any documentation, are subject to change or removal at any time, and testing is limited. Red Hat might provide ways to submit feedback on Developer Preview features without an associated SLA.
```

Author: Ooops, I guess it's just the matter or copy-pasting contents, lol :-D Haven't read the template properly yet -_-

> Support for analyzing .NET applications is Developer Preview feature only. Developer Preview feature is not supported by Red{nbsp}Hat in any way and is not functionally complete or production-ready. Do not use Developer Preview feature for production or business-critical workloads. Developer Preview feature provides early access to upcoming product feature in advance of its possible inclusion in a Red{nbsp}Hat product offering. Customers can use this feature to test functionality and provide feedback during the development process. This feature might not have any documentation, is subject to change or removal at any time, and has received limited testing. Red{nbsp}Hat might provide ways to submit feedback on Developer Preview feature without an associated SLA.

Reviewer: For more information about the support scope of Red Hat Developer Preview features, see https://access.redhat.com/support/offerings/devpreview

Author: @raoradhika, this one shows as "outdated" (next to the file name), which means it's not in the source code anymore. We used snippets with unified text instead (I'll share a preview with you in the morning)

====

.Support for languages other than Java

In {ProductFullName} 7.1.0, you can use {ProductShortName} to analyze applications written in languages other than Java. To run analysis on applications written in languages other than Java, add a custom rule set and do not specify a target language.

[IMPORTANT]
====
Support for languages other than Java is Developer Preview feature only. Developer Preview feature is not supported by Red{nbsp}Hat in any way and is not functionally complete or production-ready. Do not use Developer Preview feature for production or business-critical workloads. Developer Preview feature provides early access to upcoming product feature in advance of its possible inclusion in a Red{nbsp}Hat product offering. Customers can use this feature to test functionality and provide feedback during the development process. This feature might not have any documentation, is subject to change or removal at any time, and has received limited testing. Red{nbsp}Hat might provide ways to submit feedback on Developer Preview feature without an associated SLA.

> For more information about the support scope of Red{nbsp}Hat Developer Preview software, see link:https://access.redhat.com/support/offerings/devpreview/[Developer Preview Support Scope].

Reviewer: Link is added here !

Author: @raoradhika, this one shows as "outdated" (next to the file name), which means it's not in the source code anymore. We used snippets with unified text instead (I'll share a preview with you in the morning)

====

.Assessment and review statuses are now displayed in the MTA UI

> Previously, the status of assessment and review was only displayed for applications. With this update, the status of the archetype assessment and review processes is displayed in the {ProductFullName} user interface (UI):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In earlier releases of {ProductShortName}, the status of the assessment and the review was only displayed for applications. With this update, the status of the archetype assessment and review processes is displayed in the {ProductFullName} user interface (UI):
```

Author: Is it something that you used in other release notes docs? I'm just used to using "Previously" as we have a template for RHEL docs. But I have absolutely nothing against using your suggested warning. I'm ready to learn MTA docs rules :-)

* The assessment statuses are the following:
** Completed: All required assessments completed.
** InProgress: The assessment process is in progress.
** NotStarted: The assessment process has not been started.
* The review statuses are the following:
** Completed: A review exists.
** NotStarted: The review process has not been started.

> .New feature Insights has been added

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.New Insights feature has been added
```

Issues that do not impact the migration but contain useful information about the technologies used in the application and their usage in the code are categorized as Insights. Insights do not have an effort and category assigned, but might have a message and tag. You can view Insights in the Static report under the Insights tab and in the analysis output under the Insights section. 

> .A new  Task Manager tab is now available in the MTA user interface

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.A new Task Manager tab is now available in the {ProductShortName} user interface
```

> Previously, tasks that were being executed and the queue of pending tasks were not displayed in the {ProductFullName} user interface (UI). With this update , a new Task Manager tab is available to view the following information about the tasks that are in the queue for execution:

Reviewer 2: Personal preference, but I try not to use `execute`
```suggestion
In earlier releases of {ProductShortName}, tasks that were being performed and the queue of pending tasks were not displayed in the {ProductFullName} user interface (UI). With this update , a new Task Manager tab is available to view the following information about the tasks that are queued:
```

* *ID*: The ID of the task.
* *Application*: The application name associated with the task.
* *Status*: The status of the task, for example, *Scheduled*, *Pending*, *In progress*, *Succeeded*, or *Failed*.
* *Kind*: The type of the task, for example, *analyzer* or *discovery*.
* *Priority*: Priority of the task. The value is from zero to any positive integer. The higher the value in this column, the higher the priority of the task.
* *Preemption*: It allows the scheduler to cancel a running task and free the resources for higher priority tasks. The values are *true* or *false*.
* *Created By*: The name of the user who created the task.

.Multiple applications can now be selected to filter the applications list in Application Inventory

Previously, you could select only one application to filter the results on the Application Inventory page. With this update, you can select multiple applications as a single filter to display the list of applications corresponding to this filter.

.Support for providing a single report when analyzing multiple applications on the CLI

> {mta-cli} was designed to analyze a single application and produce a report about that application. With this update, you can use the `--bulk` option with the `analyze` command to analyze multiple applications and generate a single report for all of them.

Author: ```suggestion
{mta-cli} was designed to analyze a single application and produce a report about that application. With this update, you can use the `--bulk` option of  the `analyze` command to analyze multiple applications, one `analyze` command per application,  but with a common output file for all of the reports. As described in the {UserCLIBookName}, this results in {mta-cli} generating a single analysis report for all the applications, instead of generating a separate report for each application.  
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
//docs/release_notes-7.1.0/master.adoc

:_newdoc-version: 2.18.2
:_template-generated: 2024-07-01

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="new-features-7-1-0_{context}"]
= New features

This section provides the new features and improvements of the {ProductFullName} 7.1.0.

.Support for analyzing applications managed with Gradle has been added to {ProductShortName} 

Previously, you could use the {ProductFullName} to analyze Java applications managed only with Maven. With this update, {ProductShortName} can also extract dependencies from Gradle projects. As a result, you can now analyze applications that use Gradle instead of Maven. 

:FeatureName: Support for analyzing applications managed with Gradle

include::../snippets/developer-preview-admonition.adoc[]

> .Support for analyzing .NET applications has been added to MTA

Author: Thank you! I'll pass your feedback to the responsible writer :-)
And yes, I'll replace MTA with {ProductShortName}, good catch!

* *ID*: The ID of the task.
* *Application*: The application name associated with the task.
* *Status*: The status of the task, for example, *Scheduled*, *Pending*, *In progress*, *Succeeded*, or *Failed*.
* *Kind*: The type of the task, for example, *analyzer* or *discovery*.
* *Priority*: Priority of the task. The value is from zero to any positive integer. The higher the value in this column, the higher the priority of the task.
* *Preemption*: It allows the scheduler to cancel a running task and free the resources for higher priority tasks. The values are *true* or *false*.
* *Created By*: The name of the user who created the task.

.Multiple applications can now be selected to filter the applications list in Application Inventory

Previously, you could select only one application to filter the results on the Application Inventory page. With this update, you can select multiple applications as a single filter to display the list of applications corresponding to this filter.

.Support for providing a single report when analyzing multiple applications on the CLI

> {mta-cli} was designed to analyze a single application and produce a report about that application. With this update, you can use the `--bulk` option of  the `analyze` command to analyze multiple applications, one `analyze` command per application,  but with a common output file for all of the reports. As described in the {UserCLIBookName}, this results in {mta-cli} generating a single analysis report for all the applications, instead of generating a separate report for each application.  

Author: Thanks! Will fix.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
//docs/release_notes-7.1.0/master.adoc

:_newdoc-version: 2.18.2
:_template-generated: 2024-07-01

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="new-features-7-1-0_{context}"]
= New features

This section provides the new features and improvements of the {ProductFullName} 7.1.0.

.Support for analyzing applications managed with Gradle has been added to {ProductShortName} 

> Previously, you could use the {ProductFullName} to analyze Java applications managed only with Maven. With this update, {ProductShortName} can also extract dependencies from Gradle projects. As a result, you can now analyze applications that use Gradle instead of Maven. 

Author: ```suggestion
In earlier releases of {ProductFullName}, you could use the {ProductShortName} to analyze Java applications managed only with Maven. With this update, {ProductShortName} can also extract dependencies from Gradle projects. As a result, you can now analyze applications that use Gradle instead of Maven. 
```

:FeatureName: Support for analyzing applications managed with Gradle

> include::../snippets/developer-preview-admonition.adoc[]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
include::developer-preview-feature.adoc[]
```
As others have done this, let us keep it uniform. my fault

.Support for analyzing .NET applications has been added to {ProductShortName}

> In {ProductFullName} 7.1.0, you can use MTA to analyze Windows-only .NET framework applications to aid migration from version 4.5 or later to multi-platform .NET 8.0 running on OpenShift Container platform. This feature is only available in the command-line interface (CLI).

Reviewer: In {ProductFullName} 7.1.0, you can use {**ProductShortName**} to analyze Windows-only .NET framework applications to aid migration from version 4.5 or later to multi-platform .NET 8.0 running on {ocp-first} This feature is only available in the command-line interface (CLI).

Plz reconfirm {ocp-first}

Author: Good catch, but I'd use {ProductFullName} instead. 

Also, what do you mean by "reconfirm" {ocp-first}?

> In {ProductFullName} 7.1.0, you can use MTA to analyze Windows-only .NET framework applications to aid migration from version 4.5 or later to multi-platform .NET 8.0 running on OpenShift Container platform. This feature is only available in the command-line interface (CLI).

Author: ```suggestion
In {ProductFullName} 7.1.0, you can use MTA to analyze Windows-only .NET framework applications to aid migration from version 4.5 or later to multi-platform .NET 8.0 running on OpenShift Container Platform. This feature is only available in the command-line interface (CLI).
```

:FeatureName: Support for analyzing .NET applications

> include::../snippets/developer-preview-admonition.adoc[]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
include::developer-preview-feature.adoc[]
```

As others have done this, let us keep it uniform. my fault

.Support for languages other than Java

In {ProductFullName} 7.1.0, you can use {ProductShortName} to analyze .NET applications written in languages other than Java. To run analysis on .NET applications written in languages other than Java, add a custom rule set and do not specify a target language.

:FeatureName: Support for languages other than Java

> include::../snippets/developer-preview-admonition.adoc[]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
include::developer-preview-feature.adoc[]
```
As others have done this, let us keep it uniform. my fault

.Assessment and review statuses are now displayed in the {ProductShortName} UI

> In earlier releases of {ProductShortName}, the status of the assessment and the review was only displayed for applications. With this update, the status of the archetype assessment and review processes is displayed in the {ProductFullName} user interface (UI):

Author: ```suggestion
In earlier releases of {ProductFullName}, the status of the assessment and the review was only displayed for applications. With this update, the status of the archetype assessment and review processes is displayed in the {ProductShortName} user interface (UI):
```

* The assessment statuses are the following:
** Completed: All required assessments completed.
** InProgress: The assessment process is in progress.
** NotStarted: The assessment process has not been started.
* The review statuses are the following:
** Completed: A review exists.
** NotStarted: The review process has not been started.

.New Insights feature has been added

> Tagging rules that earlier generated tags and showed the presence of technology also generate insights now and show the location of code. While Insights do not impact the migration, they contain useful information about the technologies used in the application and their usage in the code. Insights do not have an effort and category assigned but might have a message and tag. You can view Insights in the Static report under the Insights tab.

Reviewer: insight or **I**nsight

Author: Insights, I guess, but it's better to reconfirm with the responsible writer.

> Tagging rules that earlier generated tags and showed the presence of technology also generate insights now and show the location of code. While Insights do not impact the migration, they contain useful information about the technologies used in the application and their usage in the code. Insights do not have an effort and category assigned but might have a message and tag. You can view Insights in the Static report under the Insights tab.

Author: ```suggestion
Tagging rules that earlier generated tags and showed the presence of technology also generate Insights now and show the location of code. While Insights do not impact the migration, they contain useful information about the technologies used in the application and their usage in the code. Insights do not have an effort and category assigned but might have a message and tag. You can view Insights in the Static report under the Insights tab.
```

:FeatureName: Insights

> include::../snippets/technology-preview-admonition.adoc[]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
include::technology-preview.adoc[]
```
See above... my fault

.New {ProductShortName} CLI options are available to select language providers when analyzing multi-language applications

> Previously, you could not select specific language providers to run separately for the analysis of a multi-language application. With this update, you can use the new `--provider` {ProductShortName} CLI option to explicitly set which language provider to run.

Reviewer: Suggest consistent usage of : In earlier releases of {ProductShortName} or previously :)

Author: Added suggestion, I prefer first using the full name and then a short name

> Previously, you could not select specific language providers to run separately for the analysis of a multi-language application. With this update, you can use the new `--provider` {ProductShortName} CLI option to explicitly set which language provider to run.

Author: ```suggestion
In earlier releases of {ProductSFullName},  you could not select specific language providers to run separately for the analysis of a multi-language application. With this update, you can use the new `--provider` {ProductShortName} CLI option to explicitly set which language provider to run.
```

The following CLI options are also available with this update:

* `--list-providers` to list language providers supported for the analysis.
* `--override-provider-settings` to override an existing supported language provider or to run your own unsupported provider.

NOTE: You can now also configure supported language provider options in a provider’s configuration file.

.A new Task Manager page is now available in the {ProductShortName} UI

> In earlier releases of {ProductShortName}, tasks that were being performed and the queue of pending tasks were not displayed in the {ProductFullName} user interface (UI). With this update, a new Task Manager page is available to view the following information about the tasks that are queued:

Reviewer: In earlier releases of {ProductShortName}, tasks that were being performed and the queue of pending tasks were not displayed in the **{ProductShortName}** user interface (UI)

Author: Added suggestion, I prefer first using the full name and then a short name

> In earlier releases of {ProductShortName}, tasks that were being performed and the queue of pending tasks were not displayed in the {ProductFullName} user interface (UI). With this update, a new Task Manager page is available to view the following information about the tasks that are queued:

Author: ```suggestion
In earlier releases of {ProductFullName}, tasks that were being performed and the queue of pending tasks were not displayed in the {ProductShortName} user interface (UI). With this update, a new Task Manager page is available to view the following information about the tasks that are queued:
```

* *ID*: The ID of the task.
* *Application*: The application name associated with the task.
* *Status*: The status of the task, for example, *Scheduled*, *Pending*, *In progress*, *Succeeded*, or *Failed*.
* *Kind*: The type of the task, for example, *analyzer* or *discovery*.
* *Priority*: Priority of the task. The value is from zero to any positive integer. The higher the value in this column, the higher the priority of the task.
* *Preemption*: It allows the scheduler to cancel a running task and free the resources for higher priority tasks. The values are *true* or *false*.
* *Created By*: The name of the user who created the task.

.Multiple applications can now be selected to filter the applications list in Application Inventory

> Previously, you could select only one application to filter the results on the Application Inventory page. With this update, you can select multiple applications as a single filter to display the list of applications corresponding to this filter.

Author: ```suggestion
In earlier releases of {ProductFullName}, you could select only one application to filter the results on the Application Inventory page. With this update, you can select multiple applications as a single filter to display the list of applications corresponding to this filter.
```

.Support for providing a single report when analyzing multiple applications on the CLI

{mta-cli} was designed to analyze a single application and produce a report about that application. With this update, you can use the `--bulk` option of the `analyze` command to analyze multiple applications, one `analyze` command per application, but with a common output file for all of the reports. As described in the {UserCLIBookName}, this results in {mta-cli} generating a single analysis report for all the applications, instead of generating a separate report for each application.  

:FeatureName: Support for providing a single report when analyzing multiple applications on the CLI

> include::../snippets/developer-preview-admonition.adoc[]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
include::developer-preview-feature.adoc[]
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
//docs/release_notes-7.1.0/master.adoc

:_newdoc-version: 2.18.2
:_template-generated: 2024-07-01

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="new-features-7-1-0_{context}"]
= New features

This section provides the new features and improvements of the {ProductFullName} 7.1.0.

> .A support for analyzing applications managed with Gradle has been added to {ProductShortName} 

Reviewer 3: "A" is not needed I think .

"Support for analyzing applications managed with Gradle has been added to {ProductShortName}"

Reviewer 3: This is also a developer Preview feature.

Author: Oki, will add the dev preview note, thank you!

Previously, you could use the {ProductFullName} to analyze Java applications managed only with Maven. With this update, {ProductShortName} can also extract dependencies from Gradle projects. As a result, you can now analyze applications that use Gradle instead of Maven. 

.Support for analyzing .NET applications has been added to MTA

> In {ProductFullName} 7.1.0, you can use MTA to analyze Windows-only .NET framework applications to aid migration from version 4.12 or later to multi-platform .NET 8.0 running on OpenShift Container platform.

Reviewer 3: This is also a developer Preview feature.

Author: Ack

.Assessment and review statuses are now displayed during the archetype assessment and review

With this update, the status of the archetype assessment and review processes is displayed in the {ProductFullName} user interface (UI):

* The assessment statuses are the following:
** Completed: All required assessments completed.
** InProgress: The assessment process is in progress.
** NotStarted: The assessment process has not been started.
* The review statuses are the following:
** Completed: A review exists.
** NotStarted: The review process has not been started.

> .Assessment and review statuses are now displayed in the MTA UI

Reviewer 3: This and the previous point are exactly same . Anyone is required.

Author: I'm sorry, I'm a bit confused here. What do you mean by "the same"?

Previously, the status of assessment and review was only displayed for applications. With this update, the status of the archetype assessment and review processes is displayed in the {ProductFullName} user interface (UI):

* The assessment statuses are the following:
** Completed: All required assessments completed.
** InProgress: The assessment process is in progress.
** NotStarted: The assessment process has not been started.
* The review statuses are the following:
** Completed: A review exists.
** NotStarted: The review process has not been started.

.New feature Insights has been added

> Issues that do not impact the migration but contain useful information about the technologies used in the application and their usage in the code are categorized as Insights. Issues do not have an effort and category assigned, but might have a message and tag. You can view Insights in the Static report under the Insights tab and in the analysis output under the Insights section. 

Author: ```suggestion
Issues that do not impact the migration but contain useful information about the technologies used in the application and their usage in the code are categorized as Insights. Insights do not have an effort and category assigned, but might have a message and tag. You can view Insights in the Static report under the Insights tab and in the analysis output under the Insights section. 
```

.A new  Task Manager tab is now available in the MTA user interface

Previously, tasks that were being executed and the queue of pending tasks were not displayed in the {ProductFullName} user interface (UI). With this update , a new Task Manager tab is available to view the following information about the tasks that are in the queue for execution:

* *ID*: The ID of the task.
* *Application*: The application name associated with the task.
* *Status*: The status of the task, for example, *Scheduled*, *Pending*, *In progress*, *Succeeded*, or *Failed*.
* *Kind*: The type of the task, for example, *analyzer* or *discovery*.
* *Priority*: Priority of the task. The value is from zero to any positive integer. The higher the value in this column, the higher the priority of the task.
* *Preemption*: It allows the scheduler to cancel a running task and free the resources for higher priority tasks. The values are *true* or *false*.
* *Created By*: The name of the user who created the task.

.Support for providing a single report when analyzing multiple applications on the CLI

> {mta-cli} was designed to analyze a single application and produce a report about that application. With this update, you can use the `--bulk` option with the `analyze` command to analyze multiple applications and generate a single report for all of them.

Reviewer 3: It is important to mention : 

> With this update, you can use the `--bulk` option with the `analyze` command to append reports of  multiple applications to the  same directory and generate a single report for all of them.
> Note: Applications can still be analyzed only one at a time . But with bulk option reports will be combined to generate one comprehensive report.
>

Author: Will ask the writer to add the info, thank you!

[IMPORTANT]
====
Support for analyzing applications managed with Gradle is Developer Preview feature only. Developer Preview feature is not supported by Red{nbsp}Hat in any way and is not functionally complete or production-ready. Do not use Developer Preview feature for production or business-critical workloads. Developer Preview feature provides early access to upcoming product feature in advance of its possible inclusion in a Red{nbsp}Hat product offering. Customers can use this feature to test functionality and provide feedback during the development process. This feature might not have any documentation, is subject to change or removal at any time, and has received limited testing. Red{nbsp}Hat might provide ways to submit feedback on Developer Preview feature without an associated SLA.

For more information about the support scope of Red{nbsp}Hat Developer Preview software, see link:https://access.redhat.com/support/offerings/devpreview/[Developer Preview Support Scope].
====

.Support for analyzing .NET applications has been added to MTA

> In {ProductFullName} 7.1.0, you can use {ProductShortName} to analyze Windows-only .NET framework applications to aid migration from version 4.12 or later to multi-platform .NET 8.0 running on OpenShift Container platform.

Author: ```suggestion
In {ProductFullName} 7.1.0, you can use {ProductShortName} to analyze Windows-only .NET framework applications to aid migration from version 4.5 or later to multi-platform .NET 8.0 running on OpenShift Container platform.
```

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Support for analyzing .NET applications is a Developer Preview feature only. Developer Preview features are not supported by Red Hat in any way and are not functionally complete or production-ready. Do not use Developer Preview features for production or business-critical workloads. Developer Preview features provide early access to upcoming product features in advance of their possible inclusion in a Red Hat product offering, enabling customers to test functionality and provide feedback during the development process. These features might not have any documentation, are subject to change or removal at any time, and testing is limited. Red Hat might provide ways to submit feedback on Developer Preview features without an associated SLA.

Reviewer 2: See the snippets PR which will ensure uniformity in language

* [MTA-3529](https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-3529)

Please can you and Radhika approve and merge so we can use this snippet
